… you help me with this heavy box?
How often,Do,Will,Please,Whether or not
Will
“Will you…?” is a common and polite way to make a request.

Let’s forget about it all, …?
won’t we,will we,don’t we,shall we,let us not
shall we
For a suggestion that starts with “Let’s,” the correct tag question is always “shall we?”.

… would ever need such a stupid machine?"
Whom,Who,Whose,Which,Where and when
Who
“Who” is the correct subject pronoun to ask about the person performing an action.

This is … exciting book I’ve ever read in my life!
the more,most,more,a more,the most
the most
Use "the most" to form the superlative for long adjectives like "exciting." It indicates the highest degree.

This … look like my umbrella; it … yours.
mustn’t / must be,doesn’t / must be,isn’t / is,isn’t / would be,must / mustn’t be
doesn’t / must be
“Doesn’t look like” shows a lack of resemblance. “Must be” expresses a strong, logical conclusion based on evidence.

Would you like … more coffee? I’d like you to have … more.
any / no,any / any,some / any,no / no,some / some
some / some
"Some" is used in polite offers ("Would you like some?"). It's also used in positive statements ("I'd like you to have some more").

I’d rather have it grilled … boiled.
from,that,then,to,than
than
The correct structure for expressing a preference is “would rather have something than something else.”

I … read a lot when I … a child.
had to / had been,used to / was,have / have been,am used to / used to be,didn’t / might be
used to / was
“Used to” describes a past habit that is now finished. “Was” is the simple past tense used to describe a state in the past.

By the time we got home, it … raining.
had stopped,has stopped,stops,doesn’t stop,will have stopped
had stopped
"By the time" + past simple shows an action was completed before another past action, which requires the past perfect ("had stopped").

By the time we get home, it … raining.
had stopped,had’t stopped,stopped,didn’t stop,will have stopped
will have stopped
"By the time" + present simple shows an action will be completed before a future point, which requires the future perfect ("will have stopped").

The world … a lot since the days we were children.
will change,should change,may change,is changing,has changed
has changed
The word “since” indicates a time period from the past until now, which requires the present perfect tense.